Update installation pages (#1273)
PelicanPlatform/pelican: docs/pages/install/linux_binary.mdx

    ```bash
    wget <replace-with-the-link-you-copied>
    tar -zxvf pelican_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz # x86_64 user
    ```

    > **Note**: You need to replace `pelican_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz` with `pelican_Linux_arm64.tar.gz` if you are running an `ARM64` machine.

    Example to install Pelican standalone binary on an `X86_64` machine:

    ```bash
    wget https://github.com/PelicanPlatform/pelican/releases/download/v7.5.8/pelican_Linux_arm64.tar.gz
    tar -zxvf pelican_Linux_arm64.tar.gz
    ```

## Add Pelican Binary to `PATH`

The above command extracted the binary from the `tar` file. You may run the binary in the current folder, but it is recommended that you add Pelican binary to your `PATH` environment variable to allow `pelican` to be called directly from your command line.

### Run Pelican binary from the downloaded folder:

```bash
$ cd pelican_Linux_arm64 # Go to the binary folder
$ ./pelican --version # Run Pelican binary

Version: 7.5.8
Build Date: 2024-03-01T18:13:00Z
Build Commit: d260a07d3b057d19b7fdd36125f91a8768531258
Built By: goreleaser
```

### Add Pelican binary to your `PATH` for the current terminal

```bash
$ cd pelican_Linux_arm64 # Go to the binary folder

> $ export PATH=$PWD:$PATH # Add current folder to the PATH

Author: Did a quick search over docs, we prepend to a user's `$PATH`

$ pelican --version # Run Pelican binary

Version: 7.5.8
Build Date: 2024-03-01T18:13:00Z
Build Commit: d260a07d3b057d19b7fdd36125f91a8768531258
Built By: goreleaser
```

### Add Pelican binary to your `PATH` permanently

```bash
$ cd pelican_Linux_arm64 # Go to the binary folder

> $ echo 'export PATH=$PWD:$PATH' >> ~/.bashrc # Add the current folder to your .bashrc file

Reviewer: Have to be careful with this expression. Currently, because the string is wrapped with `'`, no substitution of the variables will occur, so this will add the literal line `export PATH=$PWD:$PATH` to the `.bashrc` file, which won't be helpful.

We can wrap the string in quotations `"` to make sure the value of $PWD is substituted, but we don't want the value of $PATH substituted, because the current value of $PATH may be considerably altered from the value of $PATH after sourcing the `.bashrc` file. (For example, if in the previous step the user ran `export PATH=$PWD` instead of copying/pasting..)
We can prevent the value of $PATH from being substituted by escaping the dollar sign with a backslash.

Altogether, I suggest this instead:

```suggestion
$ echo "export PATH=$PWD:\$PATH" >> ~/.bashrc # Add the current folder to your .bashrc file
```

Things get complicated if we also want that value wrapped in quotations. Could do 

```
echo "export PATH=\"$PWD:\$PATH\"" >> ~/.bashrc
```

but that's starting to get messy..

Author: Thanks for catching this!
